1. Constitutional Law — Amendments — Roads and Highways — Counties— Bonds, Proceeds of Sale of — Local Legislation — Statutes. The Legislature, in 1915, authorized a certain county to issue bonds, declaring its purpose “to provide for a uniform, comprehensive, and practical system of roads in the county, calculated in a general way to serve the needs of every section,” and for a wise, judicious, and equitable distribution of the funds so that each township and section of the county should be benefited to the advantage of the county as a whole. One-half of the bonds having been issued, and the proceeds found to be insufficient, and by the act of 1917, the amount authorized in 1915 having been reduced one-half, the Legislature in 1919 increased the issue to the amount authorized under the act of 1915, to carry out its spirit and intent, leaving its. other provisions unchanged, but with the further provision that a certain part of the proceeds be applied to paying the expense of laying out and constructing a road in each township, the route or course thereof to be so-laid as “to serve the best interests of the township.” Held, the act of 1919 does not come within the inhibition of the recent amendment to the Constitution, Art. 2, sec. 29, as to the enactment of “any local, private, or special act authorizing the laying out, opening or discontinuing of highways.” 2. Same — Control of Funds. An act of the Legislature may prescribe a rule by which the proceeds of the sale of bonds it authorizes a county to issue for road purposes, shall be disbursed and distributed in order to effect the best results, when it is confined to the control and management of the funds, and leaves to the local authorities the power given them by the recent constitutional amendment over “the laying out, opening, or discontinuance of highways.” 3. Statutes— Repeal— Reenactment— Counties — Bonds — Roads and Highways. 4 The act of 1919, relating to Wilkes County, reenacting and continuing in force the provisions of the act of 1915, restoring the authority to issue the amount of bonds for county road purposes, after it had been reduced by the act of 1917, was intended to enforce the will of the Legislature expressed in the act of 1915, by supplying the means and facilities, in the way of necessary funds, for doing so.